Seo fixes (#2264)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: delegation-toolkit/get-started/use-the-cli.md

| `-v` or `--version` | Check the current version of the `@metamask/create-gator-app` CLI.                                                                                                    |
| `-h` or `--help`    | Display the available options.                                                                                                                              |
| `--skip-install`    | Skip the installation of dependencies.                                                                                                                      |

> | `--add-web3auth` | Add [MetaMask Embedded Wallets, prev Web3Auth](https://docs.metamask.io/embedded-wallets) as a signer for the delegator account.<br/>Supported templates:<br/>- MetaMask Smart Accounts Starter<br/>- MetaMask Smart Accounts & Delegation Starter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--add-web3auth` | Add [MetaMask Embedded Wallets (previously Web3Auth)](/embedded-wallets) as a signer for the delegator account.<br/>Supported templates:<br/>- MetaMask Smart Accounts Starter<br/>- MetaMask Smart Accounts & Delegation Starter |
```

| `--add-llm-rules`   | Add LLM rules for your IDE. Supported in the Experimental: ERC7715 Permissions Starter template.                                                                 |

## Examples

### MetaMask Embedded Wallets configuration

> To create a project that uses [MetaMask Embedded Wallets](https://docs.metamask.io/embedded-wallets) Embedded Wallet as the signer for your delegator 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a project that uses [MetaMask Embedded Wallets](/embedded-wallets) as the signer for your delegator 
```
